Q1. What is Multithreading?

Multithreading is a technique where multiple threads run concurrently 
within a single program to perform multiple tasks.

Simple example:
Imagine a program that needs to:

Download a file
Read a file
Process some data


Q2. Realtionship
1. Inheritance → IS-A Relationship

Inheritance means a child class gets the properties and methods of a parent class.

class Animal:
    def eat(self):
        print("Eating")

class Dog(Animal):
    pass

dog = Dog()
dog.eat()

Here:

Dog IS-A Animal

So, inheritance represents an IS-A relationship.

Interview answer:

"Inheritance is an IS-A relationship where a child class inherits properties
 and methods from a parent class."

2. Association → USES-A / Interacts-With Relationship

Association means two independent classes interact with each other.

class Teacher:
    def teach(self):
        print("Teaching")

class Student:
    def learn(self):
        print("Learning")

A Teacher can interact with a Student, but both can exist independently.

Example:

Teacher ↔ Student

Other examples:

Doctor ↔ Patient
Customer ↔ Bank

Interview answer:

"Association is a relationship where two independent objects interact with or use each other."

3. Aggregation → Weak HAS-A Relationship

Aggregation means one class contains or has another object,
 but both objects can exist independently.

class Teacher:
    pass

class Department:
    def __init__(self, teacher):
        self.teacher = teacher

teacher = Teacher()
department = Department(teacher)

Here:

Department HAS-A Teacher

If the Department is removed, the Teacher can still exist.

So, it is a weak HAS-A relationship.

Interview answer:

"Aggregation is a weak HAS-A relationship where the contained object
 can exist independently of the container."

4. Composition → Strong HAS-A Relationship

Composition is also a HAS-A relationship, but the contained object depends on the main object.

class Room:
    pass

class House:
    def __init__(self):
        self.room = Room()

house = House()

Here:

House HAS-A Room

The Room is created as part of the House.
 If the House is destroyed, its Room is also considered part
  of that destroyed object structure.

So, it is a strong HAS-A relationship.

Interview answer:

"Composition is a strong HAS-A relationship where the contained
 object's lifecycle depends on the containing object."

Q3.Quantization 
Ans:"Quantization is a model optimization technique that reduces the precision
 of model weights or activations, such as converting FP32 or FP16 to INT8 or INT4.
 It reduces memory usage and can improve inference speed with minimal loss in model accuracy."
 
 Q4.Knowledge Graph
 "Neo4j is a graph database used to store and query entities and relationships.
  In Graph RAG, we can use Neo4j to store the knowledge 
 graph and retrieve relevant relationships for generating answers."


 Q5.Recommondation system
 3 main types of recommendation systems you should know for interviews:

1. Content-Based Filtering

It recommends items based on the similarity of items the user already likes.

Example:
If you watched action movies, the system recommends other action movies.

User likes → Avengers
              ↓
      Similar movies
              ↓
      Iron Man, Thor

Key idea: Item similarity

2. Collaborative Filtering

It recommends items based on the behavior or preferences of similar users.

Example:

User A → likes → Movie X, Movie Y
User B → likes → Movie X

User B may also like → Movie Y

Key idea: User similarity / User behavior

Two common approaches:

User-based collaborative filtering
Item-based collaborative filtering
3. Hybrid Recommendation System

It combines multiple recommendation techniques,
 commonly content-based + collaborative filtering.

Example:

Netflix/Amazon-style systems can consider:

What you previously watched/bought
What similar users watched/bought
Item features
Your recent behavior

Key idea: Combination of methods

